README.md, before:

# final-task
Quantori JS School final task

**Start date** - Wed 17 May

**End date** - Wed 31 May

## Description
Q-1 Search is a search system through proteins using UniProt API. This is a lite and redesigned website of https://www.uniprot.org/
You always can follow the link above to check how it works.

Design - [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/PB1YUYKosRJtLkBqoI395O/Untitled?node-id=0-1&t=bOmEqh3pAUdZvcl4-0)
The design is just a mockup. it means if you choose some UI library you shouldn't spend a lot of time overriding styles, just try to do something similar to the design. Your goal is to develop a working application.  

Tasks - [Trello](https://trello.com/b/p6E2IUfP/final-task)
Tasks that should be done are placed in Trello board, and each task has a priority and description. You should start with high-priority tasks and when they are done you can go to the medium prioritized and then to the low prioritized tasks. When you start working on some task you should move the task to the `In Progress` column, when the task is done you need to move it to the `Done` column. if you think that you need to create more tasks - go ahead.

You are allowed to use any libraries in react ecosystem (just to clarify). You can compare libraries on [npm trends](https://npmtrends.com/) site. If you have some doubts feel free to ask your mentor or write your question in the course chat.

That would be awesome if you deploy your app and attach this link to the pull request.

## How to complete the task
 - create Trello account and copy the Trello board [How to copy Trello board]([https://trello.com/b/p6E2IUfP/final-task](https://support.atlassian.com/trello/docs/copying-cards-lists-or-boards/))
 - make a fork of this repository 
 - create and checkout to the new `final-task` branch
 - start work on tasks
 - for each task create a new branch. For example, `feat/add-auth-page` for the Add Auth Page task
 - create and then merge pull request to the `final-task` when a task is done 
 - create a pull request  to the `main` branch from the `final-task` branch and submit your homework

## How to start project
1. Install dependencies 
Run `npm i` or `npm install` from the root directory
2. Start the project
Run `npm run dev`

Commit message:

Add Auth Page: Fix the design to look like in Figma. Configure Firebase login and sign up functionality without validation

README.md, after:

# final-task

Quantori JS School final task

**Start date** - Wed 17 May

**End date** - Wed 31 May

## Description

Q-1 Search is a search system through proteins using UniProt API. This is a lite and redesigned website of https://www.uniprot.org/
You always can follow the link above to check how it works.

Design - [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/PB1YUYKosRJtLkBqoI395O/Untitled?node-id=0-1&t=bOmEqh3pAUdZvcl4-0)
The design is just a mockup. it means if you choose some UI library you shouldn't spend a lot of time overriding styles, just try to do something similar to the design. Your goal is to develop a working application.

Tasks - [Trello](https://trello.com/b/p6E2IUfP/final-task)
Tasks that should be done are placed in Trello board, and each task has a priority and description. You should start with high-priority tasks and when they are done you can go to the medium prioritized and then to the low prioritized tasks. When you start working on some task you should move the task to the `In Progress` column, when the task is done you need to move it to the `Done` column. if you think that you need to create more tasks - go ahead.

You are allowed to use any libraries in react ecosystem (just to clarify). You can compare libraries on [npm trends](https://npmtrends.com/) site. If you have some doubts feel free to ask your mentor or write your question in the course chat.

That would be awesome if you deploy your app and attach this link to the pull request.

## How to complete the task

- create Trello account and copy the Trello board [How to copy Trello board](<[https://trello.com/b/p6E2IUfP/final-task](https://support.atlassian.com/trello/docs/copying-cards-lists-or-boards/)>)
- make a fork of this repository
- create and checkout to the new `final-task` branch
- start work on tasks
- for each task create a new branch. For example, `feat/add-auth-page` for the Add Auth Page task
- create and then merge pull request to the `final-task` when a task is done
- create a pull request to the `main` branch from the `final-task` branch and submit your homework

## How to start project

1. Install dependencies
   Run `npm i` or `npm install` from the root directory
2. Start the project
   Run `npm run dev`

firebase emulators:start --only auth
firebase serve --only hosting
npm run dev
